Patrick S: Hey,
Patrick S: How are you
Patrick S: Pretty good.
Richelle Direny: How's me
Patrick S: I'm sorry about the light my house got real bad lighting of the bathrooms got regular lights and everything else is lamps.
Richelle Direny: That's fine, that's
Patrick S: Good.
Richelle Direny: That whole lot has changed since yesterday you were in group yesterday, weren't you
Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: Today is Thursday. Yes. There you go.
Richelle Direny: But these are running by too quickly.
Richelle Direny: Now how's everything going on with your wife and I know her. She lost her job and kind of everything was kind of going actually
Patrick S: Everything's great. Now,
Richelle Direny: Oh, she was able to find that
Richelle Direny: You thought that the school situation is still the same. Right. So pretty much
Richelle Direny: It is what it is.
Patrick S: School
Richelle Direny: With the loan. You remember you were telling me about
Patrick S: The
Patrick S: Garnish man, that's fine.
Patrick S: Um,
Patrick S: Yeah, that's the same
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Did you say your job was like it was a little bit rocky or something on your job.
Patrick S: Well,
Patrick S: I think I'm always been a little panel crap, I'm a little paranoid.
Patrick S: And
Patrick S: Like every now and then. I think they might get rid of me, and I think that's just paranoia.
Richelle Direny: Me. Are they kind of indicating to some degree that things are going to change.
Richelle Direny: layoffs because they're not making enough money if you work out well.
Patrick S: Well, actually, yeah that's somewhat of a concern. I can't get any new work the
Patrick S: They can't get new bids because of the quality issue with GM
Patrick S: So they can still get new jobs from CHRYSLER AND FORD And Ohio or something, but they can't get any from GM
Patrick S: So that's like we usually last year.
Patrick S: All summer was seven days a week, um,
Patrick S: This year since since the story.
Patrick S: Hasn't like I were this Saturday and Sunday, but that was the first day of work and a couple months.
Richelle Direny: Oh, there's a straight
Patrick S: Straight
Patrick S: All three
Patrick S: I don't know wasn't three months, maybe just two months GM was on strike that's been overly the mom.
Patrick S: But yeah, we, I was missing Fridays and
Patrick S: When that was going on.
Richelle Direny: Now just to review. So here are the goals that we're working on.
Richelle Direny: That you had mentioned
Richelle Direny: You know, one of them was identifying how your spirituality or religion or recovery process.
Richelle Direny: So how is that in terms of and I know one of the things is that you had been going between you and your wife. You've been going
Richelle Direny: To church your, what is it you're CATHOLIC, RIGHT. AND SHE IS
As a gospel
Richelle Direny: nondenominational
Richelle Direny: John. Can you kind of go back and forth, but more geared towards where she goes.
Patrick S: In comparison to
Richelle Direny: Well, no, I
Patrick S: Oh yeah, we used to go to her church more. But I'm
Patrick S: Like
Patrick S: We were first shift. And if we don't, if I work Sunday we usually go to Sunday night mass
Patrick S: Um, we would probably go to Saturday night mass instead because the priest better on Saturday, a lot better than Sunday priests is Sunday night is a he's not our parish priests. These from somewhere else. And it's born, so I'm
Patrick S: So we probably go to Saturday night is more often than anything seen as if we if we get back. Seven days a
Patrick S: Week Sunday morning. Most the time we go to the name
Patrick S: And
Patrick S: Usually our Sunday looks like a in the morning of the mass
Richelle Direny: On Sundays.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Okay. And do you find it, like, especially the other day where it was a little bit hard like a little bit more challenging with her losing her job with the garnishments and kind of like a few things going on there. Did you find
Richelle Direny: From
Richelle Direny: Wrestling company comfort grow in going to church and being able to
Richelle Direny: Just focus more on your spirituality in some way.
Patrick S: Well, I would, for the night.
Patrick S: But, uh, no know I'd get back to work and
Patrick S: And
Patrick S: Be miserable at work, then
Patrick S: Just start thinking about
Richelle Direny: Your situation certain. I don't know.
Patrick S: situation and circumstances. So no church doesn't help that much, but it does like because I can't hold on to it.
Patrick S: But it didn't last long, because I'll start stressing out
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, the church itself, the building but it's more what what are you going for three
Richelle Direny: Four or you
Richelle Direny: Know it's kind of like equals into your second goal ultimately that you want to work on is wanting to relationship with God.
Patrick S: I'm yeah I'm. Oh, I see. I'm capable
Patrick S: When I'm not when I don't have too much on my plate.
Patrick S: So like I need him to take some stuff off my plate, which he did and
I'm
Patrick S: So it's just easier by when when I when I can see a light at the end of the tunnel and I'm not going to be thinking too much about God, I'm just gonna be
Richelle Direny: Me and
Patrick S: Yeah, there's too much if I'm under too much stress.
Patrick S: It's hard. It's hard for me to have relationship.
Patrick S: And I know, I know. He's like,
Patrick S: On, you know, I understand that.
Patrick S: That's not good.
Patrick S: In the sense of, I guess, it got worse.
Patrick S: Well,
Patrick S: Like I'm supposed to know that everything's gonna be okay and have faith in God. Take care of understand that it's just
Patrick S: I don't know if it's um
Richelle Direny: It's a little hard when you look at your situation in front of you.
Patrick S: Yes. And yeah.
Patrick S: It is
Patrick S: And then I
Patrick S: Have to go to work and
Patrick S: I just spent a lot of time there and don't enjoy it.
Um,
Patrick S: You know, I would be nice. I don't feel like I have the freedom to go find another job right now because of this box and program because that's my health insurance right there. I know you know what i'm in
Richelle Direny: I'm weren't you
Richelle Direny: You weren't. Are you a veteran.
Patrick S: Yeah, we weren't
Richelle Direny: We were the ones that about you looking into going to the getting registered with the VA.
Patrick S: Yeah, that's right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Okay, so what about that. Did you look into that.
Patrick S: Model.
Richelle Direny: Because sometimes when you think about and and
Richelle Direny: Within respective means, and it really just depends on when you say
Richelle Direny: When you look at spirituality and how deep you want to get and kind of how you want to explore that but sometimes it even not even really taking it from that angle.
Richelle Direny: Sometimes when you look at your situation that's laid out in front of you. It's somewhat hard to compartmentalize each situation and kind of structure and organize to figure out how do I address the
Richelle Direny: Problem that lies in front of me, and how do I get each get through each of it. Um, you look at your problems and your circumstances.
Richelle Direny: Are we all
Richelle Direny: I should say, for that matter, when you look at it.
Richelle Direny: Think about
Richelle Direny: Going to an event, whether it's Fourth of July Thanksgiving, whatever it is. And often times at these events. What is the
Richelle Direny: What is the big thing that we do.
Richelle Direny: What is one of the big things that each of the that's a common factor and every event that you go to Thanksgiving. Fourth of July Memorial Day. What is a big thing that everybody does.
He
Richelle Direny: Eat food and with the eating of the food on your plate, you have a little bit of everything. Because you look at, like, Oh, I gotta try a little bit of everything. Right. So when you look at your place, all you see is a lot of food.
Richelle Direny: Rice chicken salad bread vegetables you see a whole lot of food on your plate. And it's so much that you really can't see the point. Right.
Richelle Direny: So that's like your light at the end of the tunnel, because all you're seeing is all of this in front of you. But what we have to do is take our time.
Richelle Direny: And kind of section on each thing. So you have your rice in one section, you have your
Richelle Direny: Chicken in one section, you have your salad in one section so you you put each in its designated place so that you're better able to figure out how am I going to get. So each of these things. How am I gonna
Patrick S: Finish each of these
Richelle Direny: And that's how you have to look at your issues. It's this big plan everything is kind of comes together.
Richelle Direny: And when it's clumped together. It's hard to see through it. It's hard to see how am I going to figure this out. Like all I'm seeing is all of these issues. So one thing. And the reason why I bring it up. One thing we talked about is the fact that you are a veteran.
Richelle Direny: And you are married.
Patrick S: It's looking
Richelle Direny: Into getting registered with the VA and exploring from a medical, like, you know, how can I
Richelle Direny: Get medical benefits for myself or my wife, giving them a veteran and all of the different and what benefits are there for me as a veteran that I can
Richelle Direny: You know, go and apply for that you know whether or not you were if you serve during a time of acts of war. If you are service connected in
Richelle Direny: Some way if there is any better in there in
Richelle Direny: Your in Michigan. Right.
Patrick S: Yeah yeah yeah
Patrick S: There's a, there's a VA office in town.
Patrick S: Hospital. There's just
Richelle Direny: No, but each VA office, he just is is a link to a main hospital so wherever your main hospital.
Richelle Direny: It's wherever it is what you you you
Richelle Direny: You go to a clinic because they accommodate they make these community based clinics for people who live far from the main hospital so you can go to the clinic, just to see the provider. But everything is still requested out of me.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: It's looking at it from that standpoint and seeing aren't as a veteran.
Richelle Direny: Let me explore what benefits are there for me as a veteran. Okay. Is there any type of additional income that I can get
Richelle Direny: As a veteran of
Richelle Direny: My time in the military was I, you know, is there any of that, you'll see that I thought, while I served and. Would I be eligible for any type of compensation until you go and you explore it will not
Richelle Direny: But that's additional income.
Richelle Direny: Given that I have a wife. I am married on issue eligible for any kind of
Richelle Direny: Florence give you that I am to me on her own. She will
Patrick S: Be
Richelle Direny: Given that she's married for veterans.
Richelle Direny: Is there some beneficial intention.
Richelle Direny: She won't know until you find that out.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, until you understand when I say you take everything you put it, you structure it you section and then you work each
Richelle Direny: Because if you try to do everything all at once. That's just really, really hard.
Richelle Direny: And soul, like you said, you know, from a spiritual standpoint, like you want to just say God like You know what, what you take things off of my plate and he's trying to say, okay, well how about your, your structure everything that's in front of you.
Patrick S: Maybe you have everything that
Was very hard for sure.
Patrick S: So,
Richelle Direny: Just kind of Section each thing and kind of
Richelle Direny: Address.
Richelle Direny: You can address them all at one time. But you can do one at a time.
Richelle Direny: So think about the plate in front of you, can you keep everything. Can you put chicken rice sound critical all of it in your mouth. One time is all at once.
Patrick S: No, no.
Patrick S: Probably not.
Richelle Direny: Bro. Yeah. No, you don't want to show you do that, then you're going to choke then somebody's going to do for something on so
Richelle Direny: It's the same thing was when you try to address all of your issues at one time.
Richelle Direny: That's when you get overwhelmed. You start choking.
Patrick S: And you need someone to
Patrick S: Rescue because you're saying
Richelle Direny: You know, this is really overwhelming. So
Richelle Direny: You know, I definitely will encourage them to
Richelle Direny: Continue to work on getting an appointment. It doesn't get rid of your insurance. I mean, each state when it comes to be at least a little different.
Patrick S: What
Richelle Direny: You know,
Patrick S: Present get rid of your insurance. In fact,
Richelle Direny: Having the insurance is a good thing but
You know,
Richelle Direny: Doing majority of
Richelle Direny: Your medical or whatever it's related to medical doing it through the VA. That helps alleviate one situation, but just exploring. Is there any kind of financial compensation through the VA, what are, what are some benefits that we make it through the
Richelle Direny: Financial
Yeah.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Patrick S: I was supposed to go to a hearing test couple years ago and I never went
Patrick S: But I know I'd be a couple hundred bucks a month.
Richelle Direny: Because our drone general
Richelle Direny: If you're hearing loss.
Richelle Direny: Was during
Richelle Direny: The military
Patrick S: Well, I work next to loud generators and then I was stationed right by the term Mac or whatever were jets take off and land in Korea.
Patrick S: Mm hmm. So yeah, definitely, uh, definitely get a couple hundred bucks a month 10% of my hearing
Patrick S: And I know most of the what I try to claim, would it be mental health. And that's exactly, that's what the Battle Creek VA is mental health and
Patrick S: That's the closest one, that means so
Patrick S: I just, I've just never got around to it, but
It's
Patrick S: I guess it's just something I need to do. It's a
Patrick S: It's it stinks because
Patrick S: Because I do work so much and
Patrick S: I've probably ended up taking personal days and vacation days we go to the doctor, then, so then I never have a day off.
Richelle Direny: But it's something you know just explored us to see um
Patrick S: You know, when came
Richelle Direny: from a financial standpoint if you're getting let's say for hearing
Richelle Direny: Let's say $200 just for hearing a little
Richelle Direny: Mental health, you get diagnosed with a mental
Richelle Direny: Mental
Richelle Direny: Disorder initial illness and that has some kind of compensation attached to it.
More
Patrick S: Mental health. The be quite a lot of money each month.
Patrick S: I forget if it was 60% of
Patrick S: What you made a mall and then in the army.
Patrick S: No hearings touch.
Richelle Direny: But I mean, I know that for
Richelle Direny: To get a certain percentage
Richelle Direny: I think you have to do it during a time of active were if you were serving during a time of active work and if everything documents that all that you acquire was during your time.
Richelle Direny: That you serve. But again, every state is different. Oh, what
Patrick S: You know what, you know, I joined
Patrick S: I joined a join the service during the Second World War.
Richelle Direny: Okay, it was worth, even if it's one day. Let's say you joined on the, the day that it ended, as long as it's one day during that time you kid.
Richelle Direny: You can benefit from it but
Richelle Direny: Like you have some knowledge of it, but then
Richelle Direny: I guess life business as allowed you go in and explore it a little bit more
Patrick S: Yeah, I just, I talked to other like jailhouse lawyers.
Patrick S: But you know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: Because that sounds familiar.
Patrick S: Yeah, just
Patrick S: Just from other people been to the VA and
Patrick S: Who have claims and and know what you're talking about.
Patrick S: No.
Richelle Direny: Definitely. That's what of jail.
Richelle Direny: When you said a jailhouse Lori. I thought you talking about like those people there have served their time in jail anybody
Richelle Direny: Time to educate themselves about the law.
Patrick S: Actually project. Oh, no.
Patrick S: No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but either way it's something it's something definitely to war. And I think that sometimes
Richelle Direny: You know, like you
Richelle Direny: You see, God for certain things and it's kind of like you're questioning is you give me the answer in football. Maybe he is but he's just haven't records. That's what you're asking for help and maybe he's providing the assistance. But the question is, are you taking advantage of it.
Patrick S: I can you hold on a second.
Okay.
Patrick S: Sorry about that.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Patrick S: I don't know too much about phones, like I said, it said my phone said something about a
Patrick S: High speed data. So I just asked my wife, what it was talking about. Okay.
Patrick S: Yeah.
So,
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of wanting to improve the relationship with your wife. I know you talked about going to
Richelle Direny: Our Excel to me. How's that been going for you.
Patrick S: Well,
Patrick S: I don't know, like we got a great relationship. I just, I just met like
Patrick S: It's just most important thing in my life and
Patrick S: I just meant like
Patrick S: How to make it better. Even though it's great.
Patrick S: You know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, right now, everything is going really well.
Patrick S: Yeah, it really, as always, man.
And
Patrick S: He
Patrick S: Was
Richelle Direny: really supportive of you in the program.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, have you ever thought about like looking into recovery support groups.
Richelle Direny: From
Richelle Direny: Christian perspective. Have you thought about going to their fruits are they
Happen.
Patrick S: Yeah, there's a Celebrate Recovery. But there's a chance they don't do that anymore. I'm not sure it was at the her church at a Celebrate Recovery group, but they got a new pastor. A couple years ago, and I know I went to it one time and they played that movie. I can only imagine.
Patrick S: And
Richelle Direny: I'm Did you watch it at the church.
Yes.
Patrick S: It was pretty good.
Richelle Direny: What resonated
Patrick S: Um,
Patrick S: It was a long time ago.
Patrick S: I don't really remember that much.
Richelle Direny: The father was the one that was the, I think he was an alcoholic.
Patrick S: I don't know.
Yeah, the father was Valley.
Patrick S: Yeah, I knew I just knew it was a huge dick.
Patrick S: But then he got cancer and
Patrick S: I don't, I don't even remember if he found God, he just started being a better guy when he got cancer.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, the father was an alcoholic and he abused the sun.
Richelle Direny: But then later on the sun found out
Richelle Direny: That he was abused the same exact way he abused his son, he was being abused by his father insanely and I think that father was an alcoholic. So it was kind of look at Federation, all it was a cycle.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: But you said that they showed it in the movie.
Richelle Direny: I mean they shown it at the church.
Patrick S: Yeah. Celebrate Recovery played the the
Patrick S: Movie for us.
Richelle Direny: I think it was more about forgiveness. Then, cuz I'm trying to figure out what would be the that particular movie.
Richelle Direny: But I think it was more on forgiveness.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: forgiving people
Richelle Direny: That you've heard
Richelle Direny: Or the people for giving you that you that you will hurt.
Right.
Richelle Direny: You just went by yourself.
Patrick S: Well friends dead.
Patrick S: Yeah, he was hanging out and doing yard work and stuff.
Patrick S: Just add somebody to hang out with
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you still hang out with that person.
No.
Patrick S: No, I was when I first got out of rehab.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: He said, when you first got out of rehab.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what happened. You don't talk to that person anymore.
Patrick S: No, not really.
Richelle Direny: So what. So who in terms of outside of your wife or some positive supports that you have
Patrick S: Oh, my parents.
Patrick S: Some people at the meetings. There's a guy I work with who also goes to the meeting.
Patrick S: I've talked to him a few times.
Patrick S: He's helped me out a lie Yelp and put on a front door on the house.
Patrick S: Helped me moves and stuff of his truck quite a few times.
Patrick S: As movie my sponsor and
Patrick S: He was pretty much
Patrick S: He told me he
Patrick S: He really wasn't up to it at that time.
Richelle Direny: To being our sponsor.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And have you ever worked with anyone else.
Patrick S: Is three people to be my sponsor and I got denied three times.
Richelle Direny: They kind of gave up on the whole for having getting a sponsor.
Patrick S: Yeah, and
Patrick S: I know it's just the but I didn't in my home group. I didn't think there were too many
Patrick S: People
Patrick S: That would be good sponsors.
Richelle Direny: So I mean after the people turns you down, you didn't like I know you said like you're admitting to the fact that nothing but you never really
Richelle Direny: Care to ask anybody else.
Um,
Patrick S: No.
Patrick S: I guess I want a mom, I think it'd be kind of fun to do a CT stuff.
Patrick S: fourth step.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So elaborate a little bit
Patrick S: Well, I don't know if it'd be fun.
Patrick S: I think it might be beneficial.
Richelle Direny: Elaborate a little bit
Patrick S: elaborate on why be beneficial.
What is the
Patrick S: What is the fourth stuff.
Patrick S: It's the searching and fearless moral inventory
Patrick S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And have you done that. Are you starting in or
Patrick S: No, I have a
Patrick S: Sponsor to help you. I've done you know I've done this a lot going to confession
Patrick S: You know, Catholic church going to confess my sins.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Patrick S: Oh,
Patrick S: Yeah, well, I'm
Patrick S: I'm struggling with that one turning over
Patrick S: Yeah, that's probably the hardest one
Patrick S: Is turning you know everything over to God. That's, that's definitely my hardest one
Richelle Direny: What's your biggest struggle with that one.
Patrick S: Well, cuz
Patrick S: It's just because I'm a I obsess over
Patrick S: I'm
Patrick S: Obstacles or
Patrick S: Fears or
Patrick S: Yeah, I guess obstacles, you know,
Patrick S: Like the whole money thing, two weeks ago was all I could think about
Richelle Direny: What you didn't know that.
Richelle Direny: You know that it makes you human being. Right.
Richelle Direny: Thanks you naturally
Richelle Direny: That we will struggle with, with different obstacles, all the time.
Patrick S: Hello.
Yeah.
Patrick S: But everything was dark, you're
Richelle Direny: I think you're from
Richelle Direny: But yeah, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Do you think that
Richelle Direny: What when you think about when it says
Richelle Direny: Turning over your will.
Richelle Direny: Of God.
Richelle Direny: When, when you when you think about what it says, like in your mind.
Patrick S: How does that compute the. Step three.
Patrick S: Michelle, are you still there.
I am
Patrick S: Going on my phone, or keeps kicking me out cutting off.
Richelle Direny: Baby is your internet is your signal.
Patrick S: Maybe
Richelle Direny: That happened to me today. I think it has something to do with your signal.
Richelle Direny: Is are that are there. What is it tethering down your, your data or whatever it's called. Is that what's going on.
Patrick S: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I think when they do that I want, I believe, then your, your internet connection or something like that is not a great
Patrick S: Website, the mine. I was losing my high speed data like 100 gig and around all gigs hundred something more up so
Richelle Direny: So they're slowing it down. When you ask your wife is that what she said.
Patrick S: Yeah, that it was going to be slower.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's what, that's why. It keeps kicking you off.
Richelle Direny: Your
Richelle Direny: Service. We're news and you get it back. Until then they're going to slow it now.
Patrick S: Well, I mean, okay. They've done some good for
Patrick S: Zoom.
Richelle Direny: For one, does your plan renews
Patrick S: I don't know. I do.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it doesn't, it's not going to cut it off. It just slows it down. They just that's kind of what company are you with
Richelle Direny: I'm here, I can hear you. I
Patrick S: Can't
Richelle Direny: Hear you, I'm here.
Yeah.
Patrick S: Keeps kicking me out of the room and then coming back.
Richelle Direny: What company are you with
Patrick S: What's up,
Richelle Direny: What company are you with T Mobile Verizon what
Richelle Direny: Yeah, maybe that's what it is. Your whatever data plan, whatever the your plan is that you guys have
Richelle Direny: It's probably slowing you down because of whatever if I if you only bought like 100 gig or 20 gauge from us up a lot.
Patrick S: So you
Richelle Direny: Are up. I mean, I can still hear you.
Patrick S: Oh, turn video
Richelle Direny: I mean, that's fine. I don't, I'm not seeing right now. I'm seeing a blank screen, but I could hear you.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: I can hear you.
Patrick S: Okay, yeah, I don't know.
Patrick S: So hit stop video
Richelle Direny: You can try and see what that that does, it's more of the Zoom is what is that your internet connection is what the issue is. So whether the Zoom is. I mean, the cameras off or not, it doesn't really do anything. It's the whole zoom. If you're using Wi Fi.
Patrick S: Okay, well, I hit stop video
Richelle Direny: So let's see if
Patrick S: It makes a difference, I think, that just means you can't see me.
Patrick S: As I see you know
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's all it means I can't see, that's fine. But either way, I was asking for step three, when it says turning over your will to God and then you said you struggle with it because of your moments where you obsess over things that are
Patrick S: Out of your control. So
Richelle Direny: I just wanted a, like a better
Richelle Direny: Insight or deeper insight in
Richelle Direny: How does your mind when instead
Richelle Direny: Of
Richelle Direny: Turning over your God.
Richelle Direny: And how do you apply that
Patrick S: Apply that to stop worrying.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So when
Richelle Direny: You're not turning over your will.
Patrick S: Well, yeah, or if you try to can if you try to keep controlling everything you're not turning over your will.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and so that can be true. But the question is,
Richelle Direny: Do you completely like stop working on. Step three. Or do you
Richelle Direny: Isn't it a conscious effort.
Patrick S: I guess.
Patrick S: Yeah, it's, it's a daily thing. It's a
Patrick S: Yet like
Patrick S: I don't know, I guess would be kind of like a boxing scenario you get knocked down and you sit there and
Patrick S: You worry over something you can't control for a bit. And after a while, you got to get up.
Patrick S: And start giving it back over to God again.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh, uh huh. So it is a struggle. But I think it's a. Do you believe that pretty much everyone somewhat has that struggle.
Patrick S: Oh, yeah.
Patrick S: Yeah, I'm assuming everybody does.
Richelle Direny: Everyone has that struggle.
Richelle Direny: Because you're you're going off of your own cognition and how things should be
Patrick S: Yeah.
Patrick S: It goes back to our interesting like that's that's helpful.
Patrick S: I don't ever think about
Patrick S: Oh,
Patrick S: Oh, other people struggle with egos.
Richelle Direny: And natural we don't naturally. That's why we lose our ability to cope, because we were just thinking about ourselves.
I mean,
Richelle Direny: Do you think that individually as humans, where we're all selfish individual like in our own way. We're all selfish means
Richelle Direny: No.
Patrick S: Yeah, kicked me out. Again, I'm back. You were saying something about do I think as individuals will selfish individual. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Do you think as individuals, as human. Do you think that we're all selfish in our own way.
Patrick S: No, I think everybody's different.
Richelle Direny: Okay. I mean, but when I say selfish, like in our own way. When you think about selfishness.
Richelle Direny: Do you think we think about ourselves at all times. So we, for the most part.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so if we're thinking about ourselves. If I'm hurting
Richelle Direny: Am I thinking about in my time of hurting my reaction is hurting someone else am I thinking about how it might be my behavior. My time of hurting how it might be affecting the next person.
Patrick S: Oh,
Patrick S: Yeah, well, yeah, and I guess I guess I should try it well.
Patrick S: Like I know
Patrick S: I know when I'm struggling and people see
Patrick S: The
Patrick S: They'll take on some of my struggle.
Richelle Direny: But think about, think about it from this. Okay, so let's just use it with your wife. I'm not gonna bring anybody else in your family. But let's just use it because that's the person that's closest to you right now.
Patrick S: If you're overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: You're just stressed that
Richelle Direny: About the work or what have you.
Patrick S: And you come to you.
Richelle Direny: And your wife is just naturally. She's not feeling how you're feeling in that moment, but she's just really just trying to help.
Richelle Direny: Or whatever the situation is, but in that moment, you're just really overwhelmed, you're frustrated, you're angry and you can't recognize it, or being aware of it.
Richelle Direny: You start snapping at her, or you so much kind of shut around, you don't, I don't want to talk. I don't want to be around like you just kind of shut around
Richelle Direny: Ever actually
Like that.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so in us doing that in that moment.
Richelle Direny: We're being selfish, because in that moment, I'm just thinking about
Richelle Direny: How I feel I'm not thinking about how
Richelle Direny: He's shutting out my partner. It's actually hurting them because the reality is that they're trying to help me carry that burden, but I'm saying no, this is my burden, no one to hold on to my burden and however that burden makes me feel that's what I want to do in that moment.
Richelle Direny: without recognizing it so our
Richelle Direny: Actions, in turn,
Richelle Direny: Is affecting the next person. So when I
Richelle Direny: Say what we're all selfish in our own way.
Richelle Direny: That it just goes back to
Richelle Direny: You know, when we think about. Step three. And turning over our will just turning everything over.
Richelle Direny: Here that we have a hard time doing that because all we're thinking about is ourselves and how we're
Patrick S: Feeling
Richelle Direny: And like, you know, you just kind of hold
Richelle Direny: On to whatever emotion or thought or whatever it is, instead of just saying, no, I'm going to turn it over. I'm not going to allow
Richelle Direny: overwhelming feeling to
Richelle Direny: Consume me
Richelle Direny: Because what step three is saying is not turn it all over to me turn everything over to me. Don't hold on to it. Don't
Richelle Direny: Just
Turn it over to me.
Richelle Direny: We understand
Richelle Direny: Or you
Patrick S: Know this phone just keeps cutting cut. Now, can we, uh,
Richelle Direny: We're gonna have to reschedule because, yeah, it's, it's, I think your thing is, I think, is teetering. I think that's what they call it like really
Richelle Direny: So, alright, so we will pick back up this question, we meet every other week. Right.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Patrick S: So seven o'clock in two weeks.
Patrick S: Let me see if maybe earlier.
Richelle Direny: With today's what currency. Right.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: On the went, yeah.
Richelle Direny: We could do six
O'clock.
Patrick S: Six o'clock in two weeks. Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, six o'clock in two weeks. Okay, and I'll send that to send out a reminder
Patrick S: All right. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're Welcome. Have a good one. Yep.